Think about all the sources of information we have considered so far,
market data, corporate actions,
fundamental information, compositional data.
This is the standard information that everyone uses,
it's small compared to the amount of data that can affect the market.
There is useful information all around you to help you predict the market,
information like news articles that have the ability to shape investor opinion,
social media posts that can convey sentiment towards companies,
satellite images used to estimate crop yield,
consumer data that can predict sales and revenue long before official announcements.
You may not see the world through the eyes of a clock right now,
but once it clicks,
we hope you'll have a new appreciation for how the world works.
Until then, enjoy the ride.